doc: nrf_sdh: Expand configuration and usage docs (#818)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf-bm: doc/nrf-bm/libraries/nrf_sdh.rst

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_DISPATCH_MODEL_SCHED` - Events are dispatched using the event scheduler library, from the main application loop.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_DISPATCH_MODEL_POLL` - Events are dispatched from the same context as the function calling :c:func:`nrf_sdh_evts_poll`.

Clock configuration
===================

The SoftDevice handler has several options to control the clock configuration passed to the :c:func:`sd_softdevice_enable` function.
These options are used automatically when you enable the SoftDevice by calling the :c:func:`nrf_sdh_enable_request` function.

.. note::

>    The clock source options below must match the oscillator hardware available on your board, as described in its oscillator devicetree file, located at :file:`boards/<board>/<board>_<soc>_oscillator.dtsi`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The clock source options below must match the oscillator hardware available on your board, as described in its Devicetree.
```

Author: fixed

   For example, do not select the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_SRC_XO` Kconfig option if your board has no external low-frequency crystal (LFXO).

Low-frequency clock source
--------------------------

The following Kconfig options select whether the SoftDevice's low-frequency clock is sourced from an external crystal oscillator (LFXO) or the internal RC oscillator (LFRC).

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_SRC_XO` - Use an external 32.768 kHz crystal (LFXO).
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_SRC_RC` - Use the internal RC oscillator (LFRC).

Calibration (LFRC only)
-----------------------

> When using the internal RC oscillator as the low-frequency clock source, the following Kconfig options control how often and at what interval the clock is recalibrated to compensate for temperature-induced drift:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the internal RC oscillator as the low-frequency clock source, the following Kconfig options control how often and at what interval the clock is recalibrated:
```

Author: fixed

> When using the internal RC oscillator as the low-frequency clock source, the following Kconfig options control how often and at what interval the clock is recalibrated to compensate for temperature-induced drift:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When using the internal RC oscillator as the low-frequency clock source, the following Kconfig options control how often and at what interval the clock is calibrated to compensate for temperature-induced drift:
```

Author: fixed

  * ``2`` - ``33``: Check the temperature and only calibrate if it has changed. However, always calibrate when this many intervals have passed.

Clock accuracy
--------------

The accuracy, in ppm, of the low-frequency clock source must be set to one of the following Kconfig options to match the accuracy of the clock source.
The SoftDevice uses this value to size its Bluetooth LE connection timing windows. A less accurate clock requires wider windows to avoid missing connection events, at the cost of additional radio-on time.

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_500_PPM`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_250_PPM`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_150_PPM`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_100_PPM`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_75_PPM`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_50_PPM`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_30_PPM`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_20_PPM`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_10_PPM`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_5_PPM`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_2_PPM`

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_1_PPM`

Reviewer: nit: (fill in the gap)
```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_500_PPM` - 500 ppm.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_250_PPM` - 250 ppm.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_150_PPM`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_100_PPM`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_75_PPM`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_50_PPM`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_30_PPM`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_20_PPM`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_10_PPM`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_5_PPM`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_2_PPM`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_1_PPM` - 1 ppm.
```

Author: fixed

High-frequency clock
--------------------

The high-frequency clock (HFCLK) can be sourced from either the internal oscillator (HFINT) or the crystal oscillator (HFXO).

> HFXO must be running to achieve the clock accuracy the radio requires, so the SoftDevice starts it before radio activity and falls back to HFINT otherwise to save power.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
HFXO must be running to achieve the clock accuracy the radio requires. The SoftDevice starts the HFXO before radio activity (if not already running on HFXO) and goes back to using HFINT when radio activity ends (if the HFXO has not been requested by application).
```
Some extra clarification. Sentence might be a bit long. See if it can be rewritten.

Author: fixed

The following options are passed to the SoftDevice as part of its clock configuration.

> They control how often the internal oscillator is recalibrated, and how long the crystal oscillator takes to stabilize (ramp up) once requested, so the SoftDevice can start it early enough before a radio event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following Kconfig options control how often the internal oscillator is recalibrated, and how long the crystal oscillator takes to stabilize (ramp up) once requested, so the SoftDevice can start it early enough before a radio event.
```

Author: fixed

> They control how often the internal oscillator is recalibrated, and how long the crystal oscillator takes to stabilize (ramp up) once requested, so the SoftDevice can start it early enough before a radio event.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
They control how often the internal oscillator is calibrated, and how long the crystal oscillator takes to stabilize (ramp up) once requested, so the SoftDevice can start it early enough before a radio event.
```

Author: I took the suggestion from @eivindj-nordic here and rewrote the sentence completely instead.
link to Eivinds suggestion: https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf-bm/pull/818#discussion_r3710118728

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_HFINT_CALIBRATION_INTERVAL` - Calibration interval of the high-frequency internal oscillator, in seconds (range 1-255, default 60).
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_HFCLK_LATENCY` - Ramp-up time of the high-frequency crystal oscillator, in microseconds (default 1500).

Bluetooth configuration
========================

> The SoftDevice handler has several options to control the Bluetooth LE configuration passed to the :c:func:`sd_ble_cfg_set` function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The SoftDevice handler has several Kconfig options to control the Bluetooth LE configuration passed to the :c:func:`sd_ble_cfg_set` function.
```

Author: Fixed here and for others

These options are used automatically when you enable the Bluetooth LE stack by calling the :c:func:`nrf_sdh_ble_enable` function, which applies each configuration with the :c:func:`sd_ble_cfg_set` function and then enables the stack by calling the :c:func:`sd_ble_enable` function.
Once the stack is enabled, the SoftDevice handler sends the :c:enumerator:`NRF_SDH_STATE_EVT_BLE_ENABLED` event to the registered state observers.

The SoftDevice Bluetooth stack stores this set of configuration options and associates them with a numerical identifier called a connection configuration tag.
The SoftDevice handler builds the configuration from the following options and associates it with the tag defined by the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_CONN_TAG` Kconfig option.

These options are only available when the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE` Kconfig option is enabled (the default).

> .. note::
>    Several of these options increase the SoftDevice's dynamic RAM usage, and some are gated by the SoftDevice variant in use.
>    Enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_LOG_SD_RAM_USAGE` Kconfig option to observe the effect.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Several of these options increase the SoftDevice's dynamic RAM usage. Enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_LOG_SD_RAM_USAGE` Kconfig option to observe the effect.
   Some options are only available on selected SoftDevice variants.
```
I my mind, this first sentence should be split in two since the second part does not really have anything to do with the first part.

Also, lets rewrite to not use "gated" if it can be avoided.

Author: Ok, fixed

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_CONN_TAG` - The numerical tag identifying the connection configuration applied by the SoftDevice handler in the :c:func:`nrf_sdh_ble_enable` function (range 1-255, default 99).
  It is the shared reference used by the handler and the application, which passes it on to the |BMshort| service libraries.

Connection counts
-----------------

Controls how many concurrent connections the SoftDevice reserves resources for.
These options are interrelated. The number of concurrent peripheral and/or central connections is bounded by the total connection count, and the maximum depends on the SoftDevice variant in use.
Reserving more connections increases the amount of RAM required by the SoftDevice.

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_PERIPHERAL_LINK_COUNT` - Maximum number of concurrent peripheral connections (default 1).
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_CENTRAL_LINK_COUNT` - Maximum number of concurrent central connections (default 0).
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_TOTAL_LINK_COUNT` - Maximum number of total concurrent connections (default 1).

>   The maximum value depends on the SoftDevice variant, and is up to 2 for the S115 and up to 5 for the S145, as stated in the `S115 SoftDevice Specification`_ and `S145 SoftDevice Specification`_.

Reviewer: The start of this sentence is the same as in one of the sentences above.

Author: fixed

>   The maximum value depends on the SoftDevice variant, and is up to 2 for the S115 and up to 5 for the S145, as stated in the `S115 SoftDevice Specification`_ and `S145 SoftDevice Specification`_.

Reviewer 2: Maximum is used in two different ways here. Which is confusing. The maximum in "The maximum value depends on the SoftDevice variant," is a different maximum (and a fixed maximum depending on the SoftDevice variant) than the maximum in the Kconfig options prompt.

I'm not sure how this should be handled. Maybe

```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_TOTAL_LINK_COUNT` - Maximum number of total concurrent connections (default 1).
  The allowed value range depends on the SoftDevice variant, and is 0 to 2 for the S115 and 0 to 5 for the S145, as stated in the `S115 SoftDevice Specification`_ and `S145 SoftDevice Specification`_.
```
or something similar.

Author: Agree, did changes on top of @eivindj-nordic suggestions here https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf-bm/pull/818#discussion_r3710237326

  For details on how connections are allocated between central and peripheral roles, see the `S115 Bluetooth LE role configuration`_ and `S145 Bluetooth LE role configuration`_ pages.

Connection and GATT parameters
------------------------------

Controls the timing, packet size, and attribute storage that the SoftDevice uses for each connection and for the GATT server.
Larger values generally increase throughput or capacity at the cost of additional RAM and radio-on time.

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_GAP_EVENT_LENGTH` - Time reserved for each connection event, in 1.25 ms units (range 2-3200, default 3).
  A connection event is the window in which the radio exchanges packets during one connection interval, so this value must be smaller than the connection interval negotiated for the link.
  A longer event length allows more data per interval but keeps the radio on longer.

>   When coded PHY is used, the value must be at least 6.

Reviewer 2: I'm a bit unsure if this should be added here since none of the SoftDevices we have supports coded PHY.

Author: Yeah, I took it away, it's not necessary if the SoftDevice's we have don't support this feature.

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_GATT_MAX_MTU_SIZE` - Maximum size of an ATT packet the SoftDevice can send or receive (range 23-65535, default 23).

>   A larger value allows higher throughput but increases the size of the SoftDevice's internal buffers and its RAM usage.

Reviewer 2: It is not necessarily true that increasing this will allow higher throughput. Higher throughput depends on a whole range of parameters and factors, so lets not add an incorrect statement here.
```suggestion
  A larger value allows more data to be sent in a single ATT PDU but increases the size of the SoftDevice's internal buffers and its RAM usage.
```

Author: ok, fixed

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_GATTS_ATTR_TAB_SIZE` - Size of the Attribute Table in bytes (default 1408).
  Increase this value to fit more services and characteristics in the Attribute Table.

>   The value must be a multiple of 4, and increasing it increases the SoftDevice's RAM usage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The value must be a multiple of 4. Increasing this value will increase the SoftDevice's RAM usage.
```

Author: fixed

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_VS_UUID_COUNT` - Number of vendor-specific (custom 128-bit) UUIDs (default 0).

>   Increase this when your application defines custom services or characteristics.

Reviewer 2: Also this causes increased SoftDevice RAM usage.

Author: Good catch, fixed

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_SERVICE_CHANGED` - Include the Service Changed characteristic in the Attribute Table.
  This standard GATT characteristic lets the device notify bonded clients that its services have changed, prompting them to re-discover the Attribute Table.

>   Enable it only if your services can change between connections, for example after a firmware update.

Reviewer 2: Where does this information come from? AFAIU the service changed characteristic works for all connected devices, not just bonded clients. Also, it sends an indication, not a notification. So it indicates, it does not notify. Also, AFAIU the service changed characteristic can be used to indicate an updated attribute table also during a connection (although it requires a well working client to avoid reading potential outdated data).

Thinking that the example of use case can be left out.

Author: Good question. This comes from `default_cfg_set()` in `nrf_sdh_ble.c`, which sets the Service Changed flag in the SoftDevice via `sd_ble_cfg_set(BLE_GATTS_CFG_SERVICE_CHANGED, ...)`. I misread the SoftDevice docs for it, it says "indicate" not "notify", and it doesn't mention bonded clients. I fixed the wording, it should be better now.

I also clarified that this option only makes the characteristic available, it doesn't send anything itself and linked some resources for further integration of this feature for those who want more info.

Random seeding
==============

> Controls whether the SoftDevice handler seeds the SoftDevice random number generator on your behalf.

Reviewer 2: What about starting this section explaining that the SoftDevice requires seeding and that it requests seeding shortly after being enabled for then to explain the Kconfig that enables the automatic seeding with the SoftDevice handler module.

Author: Ok, rewrote.

The SoftDevice requests a random seed shortly after being enabled, and this option satisfies that request automatically.
This randomness underpins Bluetooth LE security operations, such as generating the keys and random values used during pairing and bonding.

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_SOC_RAND_SEED` - Automatically seed the SoftDevice random number generator (default y).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_SOC_RAND_SEED` - Automatically seed the SoftDevice random number generator (enabled by default).
```
Or maybe remove the parenthesis and bake it into the text.

Author: Parenthesis is nice here, fixed

>   Available only when the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SECURITY` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MBEDTLS_PSA_CRYPTO_C` Kconfig options are enabled.

Reviewer 2: This is outdated after the bump in NCS revision to v3.4.0. `CONFIG_PSA_CRYPTO` is the one now required. Although, I think we should avoid mentioning these Kconfigs specifically and instead mention that the automatic seeding uses PSA crypto library to seed the SoftDevice.

Author: Good catch, fixed.

I also replaced the crypto Kconfig option references with general Crypto PSA docs instead.

>   Leave this enabled unless your application provides the seed itself.

Reviewer 2: I think this can be removed if we start this subsection explaining that the SoftDevice requires Seeding and that it will not function correctly without.

Author: I changed this chapter a bit, please take a look

.. _nrf_sdh_logging_diagnostics:

Logging and diagnostics
=======================

Controls the diagnostic output the SoftDevice handler produces, trading a small amount of memory for more readable logs and startup information.

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_STR_TABLES` - Build string tables so that :c:func:`nrf_sdh_ble_evt_to_str` and :c:func:`nrf_sdh_soc_evt_to_str` can return human-readable event names (default y).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_STR_TABLES` - Build string tables so that :c:func:`nrf_sdh_ble_evt_to_str` and :c:func:`nrf_sdh_soc_evt_to_str` can return human-readable event names (enabled by default).
```

Author: fixed

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_150_PPM` - 150 ppm.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_100_PPM` - 100 ppm.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_75_PPM` - 75 ppm.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_50_PPM` - 50 ppm.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_30_PPM` - 30 ppm.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_20_PPM` - 20 ppm.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_10_PPM` - 10 ppm.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_5_PPM` - 5 ppm.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_2_PPM` - 2 ppm.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_1_PPM` - 1 ppm.

High-frequency clock
--------------------

The high-frequency clock (HFCLK) can be sourced from either the internal oscillator (HFINT) or the crystal oscillator (HFXO).
HFXO must be running to achieve the clock accuracy the radio requires.
If HFXO is not already running, the SoftDevice starts it before radio activity.
When radio activity ends, the SoftDevice switches back to HFINT, unless the application has requested HFXO itself.

> The following Kconfig options control how often the internal oscillator is recalibrated, and how long the crystal oscillator takes to stabilize (ramp up) once requested, so the SoftDevice can start it early enough before a radio event.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following Kconfig options control how often the internal oscillator is calibrated, and how long the crystal oscillator takes to stabilize (ramp up) when requested, so the SoftDevice can start it early enough before a radio event.
```
The last part of this sentence does not flow well. Maybe make it into a separate sentence or place it under the text for the `CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_HFCLK_LATENCY` Kconfig option.

Author: Ok, fixed. I added the last part of the sentence under `CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_HFCLK_LATENCY` bullet point.

  A connection event is the window in which the radio exchanges packets during one connection interval, so this value must be smaller than the connection interval negotiated for the link.
  A longer event length allows more data per interval but keeps the radio on longer.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_GATT_MAX_MTU_SIZE` - Maximum size of an ATT packet the SoftDevice can send or receive (range 23-65535, default 23).
  A larger value allows more data to be sent in a single ATT PDU, but increases the size of the SoftDevice's internal buffers and its RAM usage.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_GATTS_ATTR_TAB_SIZE` - Size of the Attribute Table in bytes (default 1408).
  Increase this value to fit more services and characteristics in the Attribute Table.
  The value must be a multiple of 4.
  Increasing this value will increase the SoftDevice's RAM usage.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_VS_UUID_COUNT` - Number of vendor-specific (custom 128-bit) UUIDs (default 0).
  Increase this when your application defines custom services or characteristics.
  Increasing this value will increase the SoftDevice's RAM usage.

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_SERVICE_CHANGED` - Include the Service Changed characteristic in the Attribute Table.
>   This standard GATT characteristic lets the application send a Service Changed indication to a connected peer, to inform it that the Attribute Table layout has changed.
>   The SoftDevice handler only makes this characteristic available, the indication itself is sent elsewhere in the application, once the peer's connection is in a state that allows it, using :c:func:`sd_ble_gatts_service_changed`, documented in the :ref:`api_softdevice`.
>   Enable it only if your services can change.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_SERVICE_CHANGED` - Include the Service Changed characteristic in the Attribute Table.
  This standard GATT characteristic lets the application send a Service Changed indication to a connected peer, to inform it that the Attribute Table layout has changed.
  Use :c:func:`sd_ble_gatts_service_changed` to send a Service Changed indication, documented in the :ref:`api_softdevice`.
  Enable it only if your services can change.
```

Author: fixed

Random seeding
==============

Shortly after being enabled, the SoftDevice requests a random seed, and this Kconfig option controls whether the SoftDevice handler satisfies that request automatically on your behalf.

> This randomness underpins Bluetooth LE security operations, such as generating the keys and random values used during pairing and bonding.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The SoftDevice requires the internal random number generator to be seeded for the underlying security procedures in Bluetooth LE to function. Without it, Bluetooth LE cannot be enabled.
```

Author: ok, fixed

Reviewer 2: Ah, I forgot newline for the second sentence in the suggestion. Please add that.

Author: fixed

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_SOC_RAND_SEED` - Automatically seed the SoftDevice random number generator (enabled by default).
  Automatic seeding relies on the `PSA Crypto API`_ to generate the seed.

>   Leave this enabled unless your application provides the seed itself.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_SOC_RAND_SEED` - Automatically seed the SoftDevice random number generator (enabled by default).
  Automatic seeding relies on the `PSA Crypto API`_ to generate the seed.
  Leave this enabled unless your application must provide the random seed in an other way.
```

Author: fixed

Reviewer 2: I messed up this suggestion as well. It should have been "another" and not "an other". 🙃

Author: no problem, fixed

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_DISPATCH_MODEL_SCHED` - Events are dispatched using the event scheduler library, from the main application loop.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_DISPATCH_MODEL_POLL` - Events are dispatched from the same context as the function calling :c:func:`nrf_sdh_evts_poll`.

Clock configuration
===================

The SoftDevice handler has several options to control the clock configuration passed to the :c:func:`sd_softdevice_enable` function.
These options are used automatically when you enable the SoftDevice by calling the :c:func:`nrf_sdh_enable_request` function.

> You can configure the clock using the following Kconfig options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: fixed

> 

Reviewer 3: You should maybe add a note here that the clock configuration must be set to aligned with the hfxo and lfxo configuration set in the boards configuration file xxx_ocillator.dts file for your target HW.  (like : nrf-bm\boards\nordic\bm_nrf54l15dk\bm_nrf54l15dk_nrf54l051015_oscillator.dtsi)
This is mostly about if you have a HW with or without a LF XTAL.

Author: fixed

Low-frequency clock source
--------------------------

> Selects whether the SoftDevice's low-frequency clock is sourced from an external crystal oscillator (LFXO) or the internal RC oscillator (LFRC).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following Kconfig options selects whether the SoftDevice's low-frequency clock is sourced from an external crystal oscillator (LFXO) or the internal RC oscillator (LFRC).
```

Author: fixed

>    The clock source Kconfig options below must match the oscillator hardware available on your board, as described in its Devicetree.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   The clock source Kconfig options must match the oscillator hardware available on your board, as described in its Devicetree.
```

Author: fixed

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_SRC_XO` - Use an external 32.768 kHz crystal (LFXO).
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_SRC_RC` - Use the internal RC oscillator (LFRC).

Calibration (LFRC only)
-----------------------

> When using the internal RC oscillator as the low-frequency clock source, these options control how often and at what interval the clock is recalibrated to compensate for temperature-induced drift.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the internal RC oscillator as the low-frequency clock source, the following Kconfig options control how often and at what interval the clock is recalibrated to compensate for temperature-induced drift:
```

Author: fixed

> The following Kconfig options select whether the SoftDevice's low-frequency clock is sourced from an external crystal oscillator (LFXO) or the internal RC oscillator (LFRC).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The following Kconfig options set the source of SoftDevice's low-frequency clock:
```

Author: fixed

> When using the internal RC oscillator as the low-frequency clock source, the following Kconfig options control how often and at what interval the clock is calibrated:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
When using the internal RC oscillator as the low-frequency clock source, the following Kconfig options control the frequency and interval of the clock calibration:
```

Author: fixed

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_RC_CTIV` - Calibration timer interval, in 1/4 second units (range 1-32, default 16).
  To avoid excessive clock drift, 0.5 degrees Celsius is the maximum temperature change allowed in one calibration timer interval.

>   The interval should be selected to ensure this.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  Select the interval to ensure this.
```

Author: fixed

  * ``0``: Always calibrate even if the temperature hasn't changed.
  * ``1``: Invalid.
  * ``2`` - ``33``: Check the temperature and only calibrate if it has changed. However, always calibrate when this many intervals have passed.

Clock accuracy
--------------

> Specifies the accuracy, in ppm, of the low-frequency clock source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The accuracy, in ppm, of the low-frequency clock source must be set to one of the following Kconfig options to match the accuracy of the clock source.
```

Author: fixed

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_RC_TEMP_CTIV` - How often the RC oscillator is calibrated if the temperature has not changed, in number of calibration intervals (range 0-33, default 2).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_RC_TEMP_CTIV` - The calibration frequency of the RC oscillator if the temperature has not changed, in number of calibration intervals (range 0-33, default 2).
```

Author: fixed

> Specifies the accuracy, in ppm, of the low-frequency clock source. A lower ppm value means a more accurate clock, such as an external crystal (LFXO), while a higher ppm value means a less accurate clock, such as the internal RC oscillator (LFRC).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the accuracy, in ppm, of the low-frequency clock source.

Author: fixed

>   * ``0``: Always calibrate even if the temperature hasn't changed.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  * ``0``: Always calibrate even if the temperature has not changed.
```

Author: fixed

>   * ``2`` - ``33``: Check the temperature and only calibrate if it has changed. However, always calibrate when this many intervals have passed.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  * ``2`` - ``33``: Check the temperature and only calibrate if it has changed.
    Always calibrate when this many intervals have passed.
```

Author: fixed

> The accuracy, in ppm, of the low-frequency clock source must be set to one of the following Kconfig options to match the accuracy of the clock source.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
You must set the accuracy of the low-frequency clock source to one of the following Kconfig options to match the accuracy of the clock source.
```

Author: fixed

> The SoftDevice uses this value to size its Bluetooth LE connection timing windows. A less accurate clock requires wider windows to avoid missing connection events, at the cost of additional radio-on time.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The SoftDevice uses this value to size its Bluetooth LE connection timing windows.
A less accurate clock requires wider windows to avoid missing connection events, at the cost of additional radio-on time.
```

Author: fixed

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_250_PPM`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_150_PPM`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_100_PPM`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_75_PPM`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_50_PPM`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_30_PPM`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_20_PPM`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_10_PPM`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_5_PPM`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_2_PPM`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_ACCURACY_1_PPM`

High-frequency clock
--------------------

> The SoftDevice turns the high-frequency clock on only when needed for radio activity, and off otherwise, to save power.

Reviewer 3: This needs some rewrite - This is not about the high-frequency clock ON and OFF, as it will be running as long as the CPU is active executing code. This is about HFXTAL ON and OFF, as the XTAL is needed to get the clock accuracy required for the Radio to operate.

Author: fixed

> These options tell the SoftDevice how to manage it. How often to recalibrate the internal oscillator used as a fallback, and how long the crystal oscillator takes to stabilize (ramp up) once requested, so the SoftDevice can start it early enough before a radio event.

Reviewer: I think this sentence `These options tell the SoftDevice how to manage it.` could be worded a bit better. These options -> Kconfig options. 

Also remember to split each sentence on a separate line.

Author: fixed

> The high-frequency clock (HFCLK) can be sourced from either the internal oscillator (HFINT) or the crystal oscillator (HFXO).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The high-frequency clock (HFCLK) can be sourced from the internal oscillator (HFINT) or the crystal oscillator (HFXO).
```

Author: fixed

HFXO must be running to achieve the clock accuracy the radio requires.

> If HFXO is not already running, the SoftDevice starts it before radio activity.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If HFXO is not running already, the SoftDevice starts it before radio activity.
```

Author: fixed

Bluetooth configuration
========================

The SoftDevice handler has several options to control the Bluetooth LE configuration passed to the :c:func:`sd_ble_cfg_set` function.

> These options are used automatically when you enable the Bluetooth LE stack by calling the :c:func:`nrf_sdh_ble_enable` function, which applies each configuration with :c:func:`sd_ble_cfg_set` and then enables the stack by calling :c:func:`sd_ble_enable`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These options are used automatically when you enable the Bluetooth LE stack by calling the :c:func:`nrf_sdh_ble_enable` function, which applies each configuration with the :c:func:`sd_ble_cfg_set` function and then enables the stack by calling the :c:func:`sd_ble_enable` function.
```

Author: fixed

> The following Kconfig options control how often the internal oscillator is calibrated, and how long the crystal oscillator takes to stabilize (ramp up) when requested.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The following Kconfig options control how often the internal oscillator is calibrated, and how long the crystal oscillator takes to stabilize (ramp up) when requested:
```

Author: fixed

Once the stack is enabled, the SoftDevice handler sends the :c:enumerator:`NRF_SDH_STATE_EVT_BLE_ENABLED` event to the registered state observers.

The SoftDevice Bluetooth stack stores this set of configuration options and associates them with a numerical identifier called a connection configuration tag.

> The SoftDevice handler builds the configuration from the following options and associates it with the tag defined by :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_CONN_TAG`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SoftDevice handler builds the configuration from the following options and associates it with the tag defined by the:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_CONN_TAG` Kcongif option.
```

Author: fixed

> These options are only available when :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE` is enabled (the default).

Reviewer: Use this pattern when reffering to Kconfig options in text (not listed). Here and others. 
```suggestion
These options are only available when the  :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE` Kconfig option is enabled (the default).
```

Author: fixed

.. note::
   Several of these options increase the SoftDevice's dynamic RAM usage, and some are gated by the SoftDevice variant in use.

>    Enable :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_LOG_SD_RAM_USAGE` to observe the effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_LOG_SD_RAM_USAGE` Kconfig option to observe the effect.
```

Author: fixed

You can configure the Bluetooth LE stack using the following Kconfig options:

Connection tag
--------------

Identifies the set of connection configuration options that the SoftDevice handler builds and applies to the stack.
The application refers to this tag when advertising or establishing connections so that the SoftDevice knows which configuration to use.

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_CONN_TAG` - The numerical tag identifying the connection configuration applied by the SoftDevice handler in :c:func:`nrf_sdh_ble_enable` (range 1-255, default 99).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_CONN_TAG` - The numerical tag identifying the connection configuration applied by the SoftDevice handler in the :c:func:`nrf_sdh_ble_enable` function (range 1-255, default 99).
```

Author: fixed

> The SoftDevice handler builds the configuration from the following Kconfig options and associates it with the tag defined by the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_CONN_TAG` Kconfig option.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The SoftDevice handler builds the configuration from the Kconfig options and associates it with the tag defined by the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_CONN_TAG` Kconfig option.
```

Author: fixed

> These Kconfig options are only available when the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE` Kconfig option is enabled (the default).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
These Kconfig options are only available when the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE` Kconfig option is enabled (default).
```

Author: fixed

  It is the shared reference used by the handler and the application, which passes it on to the |BMshort| service libraries.

Connection counts
-----------------

Controls how many concurrent connections the SoftDevice reserves resources for.

> These options are interrelated. The sum of peripheral and central connections is bounded by the total connection count, and the maximum total depends on the SoftDevice variant in use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These options are interrelated. The number of concurrent peripheral and/or central connections is bounded by the total connection count, and the maximum total depends on the SoftDevice variant in use.
```

Author: fixed

> You can configure the Bluetooth LE stack using the following Kconfig options:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
You can configure the Bluetooth LE stack using the Kconfig options listed in the following sections.
```

Author: fixed

  It is the shared reference used by the handler and the application, which passes it on to the |BMshort| service libraries.

Connection counts
-----------------

Controls how many concurrent connections the SoftDevice reserves resources for.

> These Kconfig options are interrelated. The number of concurrent peripheral and/or central connections is bounded by the total connection count, and the maximum depends on the SoftDevice variant in use.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
These Kconfig options are interrelated.
The number of concurrent peripheral or central connections is limited by the total connection count, and the maximum depends on the SoftDevice variant in use.
```

Author: fixed

  The maximum value depends on the SoftDevice variant is up to 2 for the S115 and up to 5 for the S145, as stated in the `S115 SoftDevice Specification`_ and `S145 SoftDevice Specification`_.
  For details on how connections are allocated between central and peripheral roles, see the `S115 Bluetooth LE role configuration`_ and `S145 Bluetooth LE role configuration`_ pages.

Connection and GATT parameters
------------------------------

Controls the timing, packet size, and attribute storage that the SoftDevice uses for each connection and for the GATT server.
Larger values generally increase throughput or capacity at the cost of additional RAM and radio-on time.

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_GAP_EVENT_LENGTH` - Time reserved for each connection event, in 1.25 ms units (range 2-3200, default 3).

>   A connection event is the window in which the radio exchanges packets during one connection interval, so this value must be smaller than the connection interval (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BLE_CONN_PARAMS_MIN_CONN_INTERVAL` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BLE_CONN_PARAMS_MAX_CONN_INTERVAL`).

Reviewer: I am not sure we should refer to the connection parameter library here.

Author: ok, I removed references to the library.

Controls the timing, packet size, and attribute storage that the SoftDevice uses for each connection and for the GATT server.

> Larger values generally increase throughput or capacity at the cost of additional RAM and radio-on time.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Larger values generally increase the throughput or capacity at the cost of additional RAM and radio-on time.
```

Author: fixed

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_GAP_EVENT_LENGTH` - Time reserved for each connection event, in 1.25 ms units (range 2-3200, default 3).
  A connection event is the window in which the radio exchanges packets during one connection interval, so this value must be smaller than the connection interval negotiated for the link.

>   A longer event length allows more data per interval but keeps the radio on longer.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  A longer event length allows more data for each interval but keeps the radio on longer.
```

Author: fixed

  Increase this when your application defines custom services or characteristics.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_SERVICE_CHANGED` - Include the Service Changed characteristic in the Attribute Table.
  This standard GATT characteristic lets the device notify bonded clients that its services have changed, prompting them to re-discover the Attribute Table.
  Enable it only if your services can change between connections, for example after a firmware update.

Diagnostics
-----------

Controls the logging of the SoftDevice's RAM usage when the Bluetooth LE stack is enabled, helping you tune the memory layout of your application.

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_LOG_SD_RAM_USAGE` - Log the amount of RAM the SoftDevice requires and where its RAM region ends when Bluetooth is enabled.
  The required amount depends on the Bluetooth options above.
  Enable this when tuning them to confirm the application reserves enough RAM for the SoftDevice and to reclaim any RAM left unused.

Random seeding
==============

Controls whether the SoftDevice handler seeds the SoftDevice random number generator on your behalf.

> The SoftDevice requests a random seed shortly after being enabled, and this option satisfies that request automatically using a hardware random number generator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SoftDevice requests a random seed shortly after being enabled, and this option satisfies that request automatically.
```

Author: fixed

>   Use :c:func:`sd_ble_gatts_service_changed` to send a Service Changed indication, documented in the :ref:`api_softdevice`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  Use the :c:func:`sd_ble_gatts_service_changed` function to send a Service Changed indication, documented in the :ref:`api_softdevice`.
```

Author: fixed

> The SoftDevice requests a random seed shortly after being enabled, and this option satisfies that request automatically using the CRACEN hardware.

Reviewer: nit: Not all SoCs have CRACKEN hardware.

Author: fixed

  Leave this enabled unless your application must provide the random seed in another way.

.. _nrf_sdh_logging_diagnostics:

Logging and diagnostics
=======================

Controls the diagnostic output the SoftDevice handler produces, trading a small amount of memory for more readable logs and startup information.

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_STR_TABLES` - Build string tables so that :c:func:`nrf_sdh_ble_evt_to_str` and :c:func:`nrf_sdh_soc_evt_to_str` can return human-readable event names (enabled by default).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_STR_TABLES` - Build string tables so that the :c:func:`nrf_sdh_ble_evt_to_str` and :c:func:`nrf_sdh_soc_evt_to_str` functions can return human-readable event names (enabled by default).
```

Author: fixed

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_DISPATCH_MODEL_SCHED` - Events are dispatched using the event scheduler library, from the main application loop.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_DISPATCH_MODEL_POLL` - Events are dispatched from the same context as the function calling :c:func:`nrf_sdh_evts_poll`.

Clock configuration
===================

The SoftDevice handler has several options to control the clock configuration passed to the :c:func:`sd_softdevice_enable` function.
These options are used automatically when you enable the SoftDevice by calling the :c:func:`nrf_sdh_enable_request` function.

.. note::
   The clock source options below must match the oscillator hardware available on your board, as described in its oscillator devicetree file, located at :file:`boards/<board>/<board>_<soc>_oscillator.dtsi`.

>    For example, do not select the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_SRC_XO` Kconfig option if your board has no external low-frequency crystal (LFXO) fitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For example, do not select the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_CLOCK_LF_SRC_XO` Kconfig option if your board has no external low-frequency crystal (LFXO).
```

Author: fixed

These options are only available when the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE` Kconfig option is enabled (the default).

.. note::
   Several of these options increase the SoftDevice's dynamic RAM usage, and some are gated by the SoftDevice variant in use.
   Enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_LOG_SD_RAM_USAGE` Kconfig option to observe the effect.

You can configure the Bluetooth LE stack using the following Kconfig options:

Connection tag
--------------

Identifies the set of connection configuration options that the SoftDevice handler builds and applies to the stack.
The application refers to this tag when advertising or establishing connections so that the SoftDevice knows which configuration to use.

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_CONN_TAG` - The numerical tag identifying the connection configuration applied by the SoftDevice handler in the :c:func:`nrf_sdh_ble_enable` function (range 1-255, default 99).
  It is the shared reference used by the handler and the application, which passes it on to the |BMshort| service libraries.

Connection counts
-----------------

Controls how many concurrent connections the SoftDevice reserves resources for.

> These options are interrelated. The number of concurrent peripheral and/or central connections is bounded by the total connection count, and the maximum total depends on the SoftDevice variant in use.

Reviewer: The maximum peripheral and central connections also depends on the SoftDevice in use. 
```suggestion
These options are interrelated. The number of concurrent peripheral and/or central connections is bounded by the total connection count, and the maximum depends on the SoftDevice variant in use.
```

Author: fixed

Reserving more connections increases the amount of RAM required by the SoftDevice.

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_PERIPHERAL_LINK_COUNT` - Maximum number of concurrent peripheral connections (default 1).

>   Available only when the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SOFTDEVICE_PERIPHERAL` Kconfig option is enabled.

Reviewer: I don't think this is needed. It is not user configurable. Same for central below.
```suggestion
```

Author: Oki, changed

Larger values generally increase throughput or capacity at the cost of additional RAM and radio-on time.

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_GAP_EVENT_LENGTH` - Time reserved for each connection event, in 1.25 ms units (range 2-3200, default 3).
  A connection event is the window in which the radio exchanges packets during one connection interval, so this value must be smaller than the connection interval negotiated for the link.
  A longer event length allows more data per interval but keeps the radio on longer.
  When coded PHY is used, the value must be at least 6.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_GATT_MAX_MTU_SIZE` - Maximum size of an ATT packet the SoftDevice can send or receive (range 23-65535, default 23).
  A larger value allows higher throughput but increases the size of the SoftDevice's internal buffers and its RAM usage.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_GATTS_ATTR_TAB_SIZE` - Size of the Attribute Table in bytes (default 1408).
  Increase this value to add more services and characteristics to the Attribute Table.
  The value must be a multiple of 4, and increasing it increases the SoftDevice's RAM usage.

>   A common adjustment is to increase the attribute table size to fit more services and characteristics.

Reviewer: This is saying the same as the sentence two lines above.

Author: Agree, it was excessive explanation, fixed

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_VS_UUID_COUNT` - Number of vendor-specific (custom 128-bit) UUIDs (default 0).
  Increase this when your application defines custom services or characteristics.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_SERVICE_CHANGED` - Include the Service Changed characteristic in the Attribute Table.
  This standard GATT characteristic lets the device notify bonded clients that its services have changed, prompting them to re-discover the Attribute Table.
  Enable it only if your services can change between connections, for example after a firmware update.

> Diagnostics

Reviewer: This should be placed with the Logging and diagnostics section above and rewritten accordingly.

Author: fixed

-----------

Controls the logging of the SoftDevice's RAM usage when the Bluetooth LE stack is enabled, helping you tune the memory layout of your application.

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_LOG_SD_RAM_USAGE` - Log the amount of RAM the SoftDevice requires and where its RAM region ends when Bluetooth is enabled.
  The required amount depends on the Bluetooth options above.

>   Enable this when tuning them to confirm the application reserves enough RAM for the SoftDevice and to reclaim any RAM left unused.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Enable this when tuning the Bluetooth Kconfig options above to confirm the application reserves enough RAM for the SoftDevice and to reclaim any RAM left unused.
```

Author: fixed

Random seeding
==============

Controls whether the SoftDevice handler seeds the SoftDevice random number generator on your behalf.
The SoftDevice requests a random seed shortly after being enabled, and this option satisfies that request automatically.
This randomness underpins Bluetooth LE security operations, such as generating the keys and random values used during pairing and bonding.

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_SOC_RAND_SEED` - Automatically seed the SoftDevice random number generator using a hardware random number generator (default y).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_SOC_RAND_SEED` - Automatically seed the SoftDevice random number generator (default y).
```

Author: fixed

Stack observers
---------------

> A stack observer is a special kind of observer that receives all events coming from the SoftDevice, both Bluetooth and SoC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A stack observer is a special kind of observer that receives all SoftDevice events, both Bluetooth and SoC.
```

Author: fixed

       /* your code */
   }

Debugging
=========

The SoftDevice handler can produce diagnostic output to help you inspect events and debug issues.
The Kconfig options controlling this output are described in :ref:`nrf_sdh_logging_diagnostics` above.

Converting events to readable strings
--------------------------------------

> Requires :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_STR_TABLES` (default y).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Requires :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_STR_TABLES` (enabled by default).
```

Author: fixed

       /* your code */
   }

Debugging
=========

The SoftDevice handler can produce diagnostic output to help you inspect events and debug issues.

> The Kconfig options controlling this output are described in :ref:`nrf_sdh_logging_diagnostics` above.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The Kconfig options controlling this output are described in :ref:`nrf_sdh_logging_diagnostics` section.
```

Author: fixed

Converting events to readable strings
--------------------------------------

Requires :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_STR_TABLES` (enabled by default).

> Use the :c:func:`nrf_sdh_ble_evt_to_str` and :c:func:`nrf_sdh_soc_evt_to_str` functions inside your Bluetooth and SoC observers to log human readable event names:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Use the :c:func:`nrf_sdh_ble_evt_to_str` and :c:func:`nrf_sdh_soc_evt_to_str` functions inside your Bluetooth and SoC observers to log human-readable event names:
```

Author: fixed

.. code-block:: c

   static void on_ble_evt(const ble_evt_t *evt, void *ctx)
   {
       LOG_INF("BLE event: %s", nrf_sdh_ble_evt_to_str(evt->header.evt_id));
   }

   static void on_soc_evt(uint32_t evt, void *ctx)
   {
       LOG_INF("SoC event: %s", nrf_sdh_soc_evt_to_str(evt));
   }

Adjusting the log level
------------------------

> The SoftDevice handler uses the standard logging module, so you can control how much it logs with the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_LOG_LEVEL` Kconfig option.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The SoftDevice handler uses the standard logging module, so you can control how much it logs using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_LOG_LEVEL` Kconfig option.
```

Author: fixed

This is helpful inside your Bluetooth and SoC observers:

.. code-block:: c

   static void on_ble_evt(const ble_evt_t *evt, void *ctx)
   {
       LOG_INF("BLE event: %s", nrf_sdh_ble_evt_to_str(evt->header.evt_id));
   }

   static void on_soc_evt(uint32_t evt, void *ctx)
   {
       LOG_INF("SoC event: %s", nrf_sdh_soc_evt_to_str(evt));
   }

Logging SoftDevice information
------------------------------

Enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_LOG_SD_INFO` Kconfig option to log the SoftDevice ID, version, firmware ID, and unique string when the SoftDevice is enabled, and the Link Layer version when Bluetooth LE is enabled.
This also logs a warning if the SoftDevice on the device differs from the one the application was compiled against, which helps catch version mismatches early.

Inspecting RAM usage
--------------------

Enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_LOG_SD_RAM_USAGE` Kconfig option to log how much RAM the SoftDevice requires and where its RAM region ends when Bluetooth is enabled.
Use this when tuning the Bluetooth options to confirm the application reserves enough RAM and to reclaim any left unused.

Adjusting the log level
-----------------------

> The SoftDevice handler uses the standard logging module, so you can control how much it logs with the :kconfig:option:` CONFIG_NRF_SDH_LOG_LEVEL` Kconfig option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SoftDevice handler uses the standard logging module, so you can control how much it logs with the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_LOG_LEVEL` Kconfig option.
```

Author: fixed

Dependencies
************

This library depends on the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SOFTDEVICE` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_ZERO_LATENCY_IRQS` Kconfig options.

> Additionally, the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_DISPATCH_MODEL_SCHED` Kconfig option option depends on the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BM_SCHEDULER` Kconfig option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_DISPATCH_MODEL_SCHED` Kconfig option depends on the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BM_SCHEDULER` Kconfig option.
```

Author: fixed

       /* your code */
   }

Logging and diagnostics
=======================

The SoftDevice handler can produce diagnostic output to help you inspect events, verify the SoftDevice on the device, and tune memory usage.
The following options and functions are the most useful when developing and debugging.

Converting events to readable strings
-------------------------------------

> With :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_STR_TABLES` enabled (the default), you can turn raw event identifiers into human-readable names using :c:func:`nrf_sdh_ble_evt_to_str` and :c:func:`nrf_sdh_soc_evt_to_str`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_STR_TABLES` Kconfig option is enabled (default), you can turn raw event identifiers into human-readable names using the :c:func:`nrf_sdh_ble_evt_to_str` and :c:func:`nrf_sdh_soc_evt_to_str` function.
```

Author: fixed

This is helpful inside your Bluetooth and SoC observers:

.. code-block:: c

   static void on_ble_evt(const ble_evt_t *evt, void *ctx)
   {
       LOG_INF("BLE event: %s", nrf_sdh_ble_evt_to_str(evt->header.evt_id));
   }

   static void on_soc_evt(uint32_t evt, void *ctx)
   {
       LOG_INF("SoC event: %s", nrf_sdh_soc_evt_to_str(evt));
   }

Logging SoftDevice information
------------------------------

> Enable :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_LOG_SD_INFO` to log the SoftDevice ID, version, firmware ID, and unique string when the SoftDevice is enabled, and the Link Layer version when Bluetooth LE is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_LOG_SD_INFO` Kconfig option to log the SoftDevice ID, version, firmware ID, and unique string when the SoftDevice is enabled, and the Link Layer version when Bluetooth LE is enabled.
```

Author: fixed

This also logs a warning if the SoftDevice on the device differs from the one the application was compiled against, which helps catch version mismatches early.

Inspecting RAM usage
--------------------

> Enable :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_LOG_SD_RAM_USAGE` to log how much RAM the SoftDevice requires and where its RAM region ends when Bluetooth is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_BLE_LOG_SD_RAM_USAGE` Kconfig option to log how much RAM the SoftDevice requires and where its RAM region ends when Bluetooth is enabled.
```

Author: fixed

Use this when tuning the Bluetooth options to confirm the application reserves enough RAM and to reclaim any left unused.

Adjusting the log level
-----------------------

The SoftDevice handler uses the standard logging module, so you can control how much it logs with its log level option:

.. code-block:: cfg

>    CONFIG_NRF_SDH_LOG_LEVEL_DBG=y

Reviewer: I'm wondering if we should keep the log level section at all. It is the same for all modules. 

```suggestion
The SoftDevice handler uses the standard logging module, so you can control how much it logs with the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_LOG_LEVEL` Kconfig option.

Author: fixed

Dependencies
************

This library depends on the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SOFTDEVICE` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_ZERO_LATENCY_IRQS` Kconfig options.

> Additionally, the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_DISPATCH_MODEL_SCHED` dispatch model option depends on the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BM_SCHEDULER` Kconfig option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_DISPATCH_MODEL_SCHED` Kconfig option option depends on the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BM_SCHEDULER` Kconfig option.
```

Author: fixed

The following options and functions are the most useful when developing and debugging.

Converting events to readable strings
-------------------------------------

With :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_STR_TABLES` enabled (the default), you can turn raw event identifiers into human-readable names using :c:func:`nrf_sdh_ble_evt_to_str` and :c:func:`nrf_sdh_soc_evt_to_str`.
This is helpful inside your Bluetooth and SoC observers:

.. code-block:: c

   static void on_ble_evt(const ble_evt_t *evt, void *ctx)
   {
       LOG_INF("BLE event: %s", nrf_sdh_ble_evt_to_str(evt->header.evt_id));
   }

   static void on_soc_evt(uint32_t evt, void *ctx)
   {
       LOG_INF("SoC event: %s", nrf_sdh_soc_evt_to_str(evt));
   }

Logging SoftDevice information
------------------------------

Enable :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SDH_LOG_SD_INFO` to log the SoftDevice ID, version, firmware ID, and unique string when the SoftDevice is enabled, and the Link Layer version when Bluetooth LE is enabled.
This also logs a warning if the SoftDevice on the device differs from the one the application was compiled against, which helps catch version mismatches early:

.. code-block:: cfg

>    CONFIG_NRF_SDH_LOG_SD_INFO=y

Reviewer: It is enough with the description of the Kconfig above I think, here and others.

Author: fixed

       /* your code */
   }

> Logging and diagnostics

Reviewer: So we have one logging and diagnostics section above and one here to show the usage. Though they are both describing the behavior and Kconfig options. I think we should avoid duplicating the information as this will require us to update it two separate places if it changes.

Author: Agree, but I want to keep a usage example. Showing the Kconfig only tells you it exists, not how to use it. The problem is these functions need the Kconfig enabled to actually return anything useful, so mentioning that here overlaps with how Configuration already describes it, and I'm not sure how to reference "needs X enabled" without re-explaining what X does. For now I've changed it to the "requires X" version, changed the context and renamed the chapter from "Logging and diagnostics" to "Debugging" so it's not a duplicate title. Not sure if this is what you had in mind, take a look and let me know what you think.

Reviewer: I think it would be enough to say that the Kconfig option is required, without explaining it again (as it is now).

Author: oki
